API-13230: Release notes for Claims API (#980)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal: src/content/apiDocs/benefits/claimsReleaseNotes.mdx

### February 15, 2022

> - Updated the v1 validation endpoints to use the same validation as their respective submission endpoints. The following endpoints validate in the same way now ([#9112](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api/pull/9112)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the v1 validation endpoints to validate in the same way as their respective submission endpoints. These following endpoints are:
```

Author: @joeabraun "These following" is redundant, so I just changed to "These" and removed "following" entirely. Rest of the edits were made as commented above.

Reviewer: @hinzed1127 okay, great. Looks good to me.

  - POST "forms/526" and "forms/526/validate"
  - POST "forms/0966" and "forms/0966/validate"
  - POST "forms/2122" and "forms/2122/validate"

> 

Reviewer: [#9112](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api/pull/9112)
